chore(docs): Remove trailing slashes section in creating-and-modifying-pages (#35843)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/creating-and-modifying-pages.md

default isn't quite what you want and you need to modify the created page
objects.

### Configuring trailing slash behavior

> As of gatsby@4.7.0, you have the optin of removing, appending, or ignoring [trailing slashes.](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/reference/config-files/gatsby-config/#trailingslash)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of `gatsby@4.7.0`, you now have the option of [removing, appending, or ignoring trailing slashes](/docs/reference/config-files/gatsby-config/#trailingslash).
```

For internal links we'll want to use relative links so that client-side loading behavior can take over. I also expanded the link description to make it more stand out.
